these fortnite optimizations are killing
your FPS every one of these videos is
either a dragged out waste of time or
they're straight up putting viruses on
your computer and just to give you a
preview of how stupid these optimization
videos can get take a look at this make
sure your computer is not sitting in a
carpet what the heck and because I don't
want any more people wasting their time
on these videos I'm going to be putting
every single one of these optimizations
on my PC so you don't have to so for
context I'm using my Acer Nitro 5 laptop
with a 5800 h and a 360 and before you
say this is already a lot of FPS we
managed to hit 420 FPS in a previous
video so I'm going to apply every
optimization from each of these videos
to see if they actually make a
difference it's jerion you learned
absolutely nothing from the last video
where I roasted you bro your videos are
doging dooky I'm expecting to drop FPS
from this so yeah let's just go through
the whole video and do all of his
optimization and as expected we would be
off to an extremely rough start enabling
a secret ability to see how much delay
you actually get in the new SE that's
not a [__] secret ability that's
latency debug stat does he think I'm
stupid picture drop a like subscribe use
code jeren and check why the [__] is he
telling me to like subscribe use his
code and go to his map before he gave me
any value in his video instead of asking
me to drop a like And subscribe how
about you drop the face cam because
you're way too beautiful you're making
me blush and then he spends 2 minutes
talking about updating your drivers
already up to dates he tells us to turn
on low latency mode or put it on Ultra
but there's actually going to be a
conflict between that and Nvidia reflex
so keep that off so that Nvidia reflex
actually works I think that went up like
a lot in the new season um I think I
think that went up a lot in the new
season he did ass did like the nerd
Emoji thing what the but yeah I just
quote unquote optimized my freaking epic
games launcher I watched this video for
about 10 minutes and got absolutely
nothing and I wish I could get those 10
minutes back now for the Moment of Truth
would this video give me 180 extra FPS
time to find
out what's cooking good looking today
we're uh back in Creative okay I thought
I actually fixed something for a second
but it we're just going lower and lower
this is horrible if there was any
difference at all I only felt that there
was more delay and I wasn't getting a
consistent 240 while freeb building but
it didn't really kill my FPS so let's
try and ruin my laptop with a couple
more optimizations this thumbnail is
crazy for saying that we can go from 60
to 540 FPS with his tweaks Ain't No Way
Mr Tik Tok hairstyle is going to get me
from 60 to 540 FPS bro said use code L
strippers item shop to MOG everyone what
bro you look like at least 90 years old
bro get out of here wait a minute 10
days ago I covered this software 9 days
ago he does the same thing you're not
slick a window search bar and basically
search up core isolation this is good
advice then you're going to see virtual
memory and click change so I did this
virtual memory thing and then I disabled
some background stuff and I was scared
of what was about to come next because
now he wants us to download his software
well big surprise his software does not
do what he claimed that it would do it
only cleans your temporary files and
nothing else it is highly likely that
this software contains malware because
it was exposed in the past for sharing
malware but also it's such a simple code
that there would be no reason to create
it other than put malware on someone
else's PC and then you can see no test
schedule Library you want to click onto
these and they basically see all the
tasks which are scheduled on your PC am
I stupid or am I stupid because what did
he just say stand for mware time to
learn how to spell bro but in my opinion
it could be a really bad opinion but I
don't think that you need to download
any sort of antivirus software because
there's already plenty of security
measures put into windows and if you do
install an antivirus that's just more
processes that you have to get rid of
think of it as like medicine for your
computer if you're sick you take like
Advil or something but if that doesn't
work that's when you use Tylenol you
don't use both at the same time what are
you doing now next up I'm going to show
you how we can basically optimize a
network adapter and also make sure that
every single driver is up to date
doesn't even make sense to have it
honestly cuz you could just go search
for it yourself and then he shows us his
Nvidia profile inspector settings which
are not as optimized as mine my settings
are in the Discord Link in the
description but if you don't know how to
import files don't worry about that for
today I taught that in a previous video
and then he finishes up the video with
Nvidia control panel settings which I
did copy I'm going to restart my PC and
hopefully we get more FPS to be honest
I'm expecting a slight boost and yeah
this is pretty much as expected yeah
it's not the 60 fps to 540 like he
promised so let's move on next video
we're going to look at is how to get 500
FPS but no offense the way this guy
talks just pisses me off so I might have
to watch this on mute boost your FPS in
the new fortnite season with a bunch of
optimization Bubba boost your FPS in the
new fortnite season with a bunch of
optimization I mistakenly put this
optimization in one of my previous
videos as well but this thing is fully
Placebo it doesn't work anymore then he
makes us do some things in process lasso
and to be honest I have no idea if it
actually works so we'll test that later
in this video I forgot to record it but
process last so it's pretty much useless
then he makes us do a few registry edits
which I already did in a previous video
here they're into the Microsoft HK local
machine go into software go into the
Microsoft now find Windows n bro said
Windows n why do you speak like this why
do you end every single sentence like
that and like this like shut the why
can't he just put this section in the
description so we can copy and paste and
just find it how about you take advice
from a smaller YouTuber like me you can
just copy and paste this select this
paste it and you go exactly to where you
need to go Microsoft Windows andt like
that is just too much you know what this
is too
much dude must have banned me or some
[__] because I can't freaking join his
Discord server what the hell I've never
looked at that to be honest I have no
idea what it does but if he says to
disable sis man I'm going to believe him
cuz uh King is the goat and disabling
our w this guyy is the goat I finally
learned how to disable One Drive I think
some of these tweaks are actually good
and he lowkey could have been a good
video but we'll see we'll see if it
actually boost our FPS well my FPS
stayed basically exactly the same but
this is not the point of the video I
want to kill my FPS technically I can
just watch another sjeren video and I'll
probably drop my FPS down to five opiz
any CPU but instead we're going to watch
this video from Marin TM 50 ways to
improve FPS and get zero input delay
this video is so outrageous I can't even
fit the time stamps on my screen and the
fact that these mice have great click
latency and these mice have terrible
click latency are both individual tips
on how to get zero delay just tells me
that this is the average Marin TM video
with just a bunch of fluff and yapping
Marin TM more like yapping
TM 38 freaking minutes firstly we want
to make sure that our monitor is
connected to the graphics card and who
the heck is connecting their monitor to
their motherboard H is the sponsor of
today's video they ain't sponsoring this
video you ain't getting no free
publicity and we're going to skip past a
huge chunk of this video because a lot
of it is stuff I've already done and
unlike marm I'm not here to waste your
time if you're on a desktop unlike me
then you'll probably see even better res
I think he meant to say laptop because
if he's not on a desktop then what is he
playing on a freaking fridge these mice
have great click latency did he get two
sponsors these might have terrible click
latency uh these are two different ways
to get zero input delay and improve FPS
1,000 HZ polling rate is default for any
Mouse made after 1942 so turn off tips
and suggestions okay I have that off by
default and then docp and XMP you only
have to worry about that if your RAM is
not running at the correct speed sure
your computer is not on a carpet okay
remove dust from your radiator okay old
thermal paste okay does the quality of
thermal paste m is he just trying to
extend this video as long as he can
consider getting a cooling pad for your
laptop that cost more money though you
can't get a cooling pad simply lift your
laptop up a bit don't use your laptop
without it being plugged in well no
[__] [__] that's like using your PC
without the freaking power cable
connecting a monitor to your laptop bro
everybody knows this use an ethernet
cable what does the quality of the
ethernet cable matter for Ping what make
sure you use the correct Ram slots what
does USB ports matter for latency what
use display port what you only use the
Spate Port if you need above 144 FPS cuz
HDMI doesn't support anything above that
and that's exactly why my laptop doesn't
have display port water cooling who do
you think I am I'm not going to water
cool my laptop that's going to cost
like8 billion trillion dollars pasting
your CPU we just talked about thermal
paste and then we want to repaste it
here bro the only thing that's being
pasted is your video being copied and
pasted quality of motherboard what what
about the PSU what CPU over so if you
want to look into overclocking I would
recommend searching up how to overclock
my CPU on an MSI I clicked on this video
to learn how to optimize my PC and
you're not going to teach me you have a
38 minute long video and you can't even
teach me how to overclock even though I
already know how to it's just really
painful seeing these YouTubers be so
lazy it doesn't even make any sense I
was making fun of this video and it got
me 400 FPS I'm about to retire use code
Le in the item shop